[Scene 1] The person is standing at a counter with a hot chocolate pot and various ingredients on the counter, with a view of mountains and trees in the background.
[Scene 2] A person in an apron holding a coffee mug.
[Scene 3] The person is standing at a counter with a mug of hot chocolate in front of them, and there are mountains and trees visible in the background.
[Scene 4] Two mugs of hot chocolate with cinnamon sticks in them.
[Scene 5] A woman in an apron standing in front of a kitchen.
[Scene 6] A bowl of cocoa powder on a table next to some wooden sticks.
[Scene 7] A woman standing in front of a table with cups on it.
[Scene 8] A woman is holding a milk box and talking about its benefits.
[Scene 9] A woman holding a carton of milk in front of her.
[Scene 10] A white liquid is being poured into a metal bowl.
[Scene 11] A woman is preparing some food in a kitchen.
[Scene 12] A person holding a small bowl of red powder.
[Scene 13] A woman in an apron is cooking some food in a pot on a table on a balcony.
[Scene 14] A person pouring a liquid into a measuring cup.
[Scene 15] A person pouring liquid into a pot on a stove.
[Scene 16] A person stirring something in a pot on a stove.
[Scene 17] A woman is preparing food in an outdoor kitchen while standing at a counter.
[Scene 18] The chocolate is being poured into a mug.
[Scene 19] The speaker is a woman standing in front of a kitchen counter with cooking utensils and ingredients, introducing a recipe for making healthy drinks.